Update field reference docs for name and type attributes (#12364)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: docs/content/develop/field-reference.md

## Shared properties

### `name`
Specifies the name of the field within Terraform. By default this will also 

> be the value that is used for communication with the API, if a seperate `api_name`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be the key for the field in the API request message, if a separate `api_name`
```
